So now let's talk
about Amazon Kinesis Data Streams.
So at the exam, anytime you see Kinesis,
is going to be usually for real-time big data streaming.
So from an exam perspective,
Kinesis Data Streams is a service used to collect,
process and analyze real-time streaming data at any scale.
So, you have Kinesis Data Stream that I just showed you,
which I think is enough for you to know
for the Cloud Practitioner exam
and then you have something called Amazon Data Firehose,
which is to load these streams of data
from Kinesis Data Streams into target destinations,
such as Amazon S3, Amazon Redshift,
OpenSearch, et cetera, et cetera
and so just to give you one diagram so you understand,
you have data sources and they're going
to be what we call fast data sources,
they mean data that gets created in real time.
For example, when people click on your website
or when you have a device that is connected to the internet
or when you have metrics or logs on an application server,
then all these data points can be sent
into Amazon Kinesis Data Streams and then analyzed
and then, if you want to,
you can also use Amazon Data Firehose
to send them into destinations,
such as your Amazon S3 buckets,
your Amazon Redshift database and so on.
So that's it.
I think this is more than enough what you need for the exam.
I think any CIS is just a service to stream data
as you should know, and you should be good to go.
All right, that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.